[TASK] Remove outdated note for Fluid (#1957)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Fluid/Index.rst

.. note::

   This page was created in 2020 to serve as a start page for Fluid in TYPO3

>    (independently of Extbase). Further pages are being migrated from the "Extbase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   independent from Extbase. Further pages are being migrated from the "Extbase
```

Reviewer: ;-)
